[docs] [YB Voyager] Docs for live migration (#19025)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-voyager/reference/yb-voyager-cli.md

| Argument | Description/valid options |
| :------- | :------------------------ |

> | [-e, --export-dir](#export-dir) <path> | Path to the directory which is a workspace used to keep the exported  schema, data, state, and logs.|

Reviewer: Everywhere
Path to the export directory. This directory is a workspace used to keep the exported schema, data, state, and logs.

### import data status

For offline migration, get the status report of an ongoing or completed data import operation. The report contains migration status of tables, number of rows or bytes imported, and percentage completion.

> For live migration, get the status report of [import data](#import-data), and for live migration with fall forward, the report will also include the status of [fall forward setup](#fall-forward-setup-tech-preview) as well. The report includes the status of tables, the number of rows imported, the total number of changes imported, the number of `INSERT`/`UPDATE`/`DELETE` events, and the final row count of the target or fall-forward database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For live migration, get the status report of [import data](#import-data). For live migration with fall forward, the report also includes the status of [fall forward setup](#fall-forward-setup-tech-preview). The report includes the status of tables, the number of rows imported, the total number of changes imported, the number of `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, and `DELETE` events, and the final row count of the target or fall-forward database.
```

| Argument | Description/valid options |
| :------- | :------------------------ |
| [-e, --export-dir](#export-dir) <path> | Path to the directory which is a workspace used to keep the exported  schema, data, state, and logs.|
| [-h, --help](#command-line-help) | Command line help. |

> | [target-db-password](#target-db-password) | Password of the target database (only for live migration) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [target-db-password](#target-db-password) | Password of the target database. Live migrations only. |
```

> | [ff-db-password](#ff-db-password) | Password of the fall-forward database (only for live migration with fall-forward) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [ff-db-password](#ff-db-password) | Password of the fall-forward database. Live migration with fall-forward only.  |
```

#### Example

```sh
yb-voyager import data status --export-dir /path/to/yb/export/dir
```

### fall-forward setup (Tech preview)

> Imports data to the fall-forward database, and streams new changes from the target YugabyteDB to the fall-forward database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imports data to the fall-forward database, and streams new changes from the target YugabyteDB database to the fall-forward database.
```

#### Syntax

```sh
yb-voyager fall-forward setup [ <arguments> ... ]
```

The valid *arguments* for fall-forward setup are described in the following table:

> | Argument | Description/valid options |

Reviewer: use periods
pick one style for Defaults

| --ff-db-user <username>| Username to connect to the fall-forward database server |
| --ff-ssl-cert <path>| Fall-forward database SSL Certificate path |
| --ff-ssl-crl <list>| Fall-forward database SSL Root Certificate Revocation List (CRL) |
| --ff-ssl-key <Keypath> | Fall-forward database SSL key path |
| --ff-ssl-mode <SSLmode>| One of `disable`, `allow`, `prefer`(default), `require`, `verify-ca`, or `verify-full`. |
| --ff-ssl-root-cert | Fall-forward database SSL Root Certificate path |
| [-h, --help](#command-line-help) | Command line help for setup. |
| [--oracle-home](#oracle-home) <path> | Path to set $ORACLE_HOME environment variable. `tnsnames.ora` is found in `$ORACLE_HOME/network/admin`. Oracle migrations only.|
| [--oracle-tns-alias](#ssl-connectivity) <alias> | TNS (Transparent Network Substrate) alias configured to establish a secure connection with the server. Oracle migrations only. |
| [--parallel-jobs](#parallel-jobs) <connectionCount> | Number of parallel COPY commands issued to the target database. (Default: 1) |
| [--send-diagnostics](#send-diagnostics) | Send diagnostics information to Yugabyte. (Default: true) |

> | --start-clean | Starts a fresh import with data files present in the `data` directory and if any table on fall- forward database is non-empty, it prompts whether you want to continue the import without the truncating those tables; if yes, then Voyager starts ingesting the data present in the datafiles without upsert mode and for the cases where the table doesn't have a primary key, it may duplicate the data. So, in that case, use `--exclude-table-list` flag to exclude such tables or truncate those tables manually before using the `start-clean` flag. |

Reviewer: see above

| [--table-list](#table-list) | Comma-separated list of the tables to import data. |
| [--verbose](#verbose) | Display extra information in the output. |
| [-y, --yes](#yes) | Answer yes to all prompts during the migration. (Default: false) |

#### Example

```sh
yb-voyager fall-forward setup --export-dir /path/to/yb/export/dir \
        --ff-db-host hostname \
        --ff-db-user username \
        --ff-db-password password \ # Enclose the password in single quotes if it contains special characters.
        --ff-db-name dbname \
        --ff-db-schema schemaName \
        --parallel-jobs connectionCount
```

### fall-forward synchronize (Tech preview)

> Exports new changes from the target YugabyteDB to import to the fall-forward database so that the fall-forward database can be in sync with the YugabyteDB after cutover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exports new changes from the target YugabyteDB to import to the fall-forward database so that the fall-forward database can be in sync with the YugabyteDB database after cutover.
```

| [--target-ssl-key](#ssl-connectivity) <keyName> | Name of the key which is part of the SSL `<cert,key>` pair. |
| [--target-ssl-crl](#ssl-connectivity) <path> | Path to a file containing the SSL certificate revocation list (CRL).|
| [--target-ssl-mode](#ssl-connectivity) <SSLmode> | One of `disable`, `allow`, `prefer`(default), `require`, `verify-ca`, or `verify-full`. |
| [--target-ssl-root-cert](#ssl-connectivity) <path> | Path to a file containing SSL certificate authority (CA) certificate(s). |
| [--verbose](#verbose) | Display extra information in the output. |
| [-y, --yes](#yes) | Answer yes to all prompts during migration (Default: false). |

#### Example

```sh
yb-voyager fall-forward synchronize --export-dir /path/to/yb/export/dir \
        --target-db-host hostname \
        --target-db-port port \
        --target-db-user username \
        --target-db-password password \ # Enclose the password in single quotes if it contains special characters.
        --target-db-name dbname \
        --target-db-schema schemaName
```

### cutover initiate (Tech preview)

> Initiate cutover to the target YugabyteDB.

Reviewer: everywhere - the YugabyteDB database

#### Syntax

```sh
yb-voyager cutover initiate [ <arguments> ... ]
```

> The valid *arguments* for fall-forward synchronize are described in the following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The valid *arguments* for cutover initiate are described in the following table:
```

| Argument | Description/valid options |
| :------- | :------------------------ |
| [-e, --export-dir](#export-dir) <path> | Path to the directory which is a workspace used to keep the exported  schema, data, state, and logs.|
| [-h, --help](#command-line-help) | Command line help for cutover initiate. |

#### Example

```sh

> yb-voyager cutover initiate --export-dir /path/to/yb/export/dir \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yb-voyager cutover initiate --export-dir /path/to/yb/export/dir
```

```

### cutover status (Tech preview)

> Shows the status of the cutover state to YugabyteDB from one of "INITIATED", "NOT INITIATED", or "COMPLETED".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the status of the cutover to the YugabyteDB database. Status can be "INITIATED", "NOT INITIATED", or "COMPLETED".
```

#### Syntax

```sh
yb-voyager cutover status [ <arguments> ... ]
```

The valid *arguments* for cutover status are described in the following table:

| Argument | Description/valid options |
| :------- | :------------------------ |
| [-e, --export-dir](#export-dir) <path> | Path to the directory which is a workspace used to keep the exported  schema, data, state, and logs.|
| [-h, --help](#command-line-help) | Command line help for cutover status. |

#### Example

```sh

> yb-voyager cutover status --export-dir /path/to/yb/export/dir \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yb-voyager cutover status --export-dir /path/to/yb/export/dir
```

```

### fall-forward switchover (Tech preview)

Initiate a switchover to the fall-forward database.

### Syntax

```sh
yb-voyager fall-forward switchover [ <arguments> ... ]
```

The valid *arguments* for fall-forward switchover are described in the following table:

| Argument | Description/valid options |
| :------- | :------------------------ |
| [-e, --export-dir](#export-dir) <path> | Path to the directory which is a workspace used to keep the exported  schema, data, state, and logs.|
| [-h, --help](#command-line-help) | Command line help for switchover. |

#### Example

```sh

> yb-voyager fall-forward switchover --export-dir /path/to/yb/export/dir \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yb-voyager fall-forward switchover --export-dir /path/to/yb/export/dir
```

```

### fall-forward status (Tech preview)

> Shows the status of the fall-forward switchover state to fall-forward database from one of "INITIATED", "NOT INITIATED", or "COMPLETED".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the status of the fall-forward switchover to the fall-forward database. Status can be "INITIATED", "NOT INITIATED", or "COMPLETED".
```

#### Syntax

```sh
yb-voyager fall-forward status [ <arguments> ... ]
```

The valid *arguments* for fall-forward switchover status are described in the following table:

| Argument | Description/valid options |
| :------- | :------------------------ |
| [-e, --export-dir](#export-dir) <path> | Path to the directory which is a workspace used to keep the exported  schema, data, state, and logs.|
| [-h, --help](#command-line-help) | Command line help for cutover status. |

#### Example

```sh
yb-voyager fall-forward status --export-dir /path/to/yb/export/dir \
```

### archive changes (Tech preview)

> This command archives the streaming data from the source database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Archives the streaming data from the source database.
```

#### Syntax

```sh
yb-voyager archive changes [ <arguments> ... ]
```

The valid *arguments* for archive changes status are described in the following table:

| Argument | Description/valid options |
| :------- | :------------------------ |
| [-e, --export-dir](#export-dir) <path> | Path to the directory which is a workspace used to keep the exported  schema, data, state, and logs.|
| [-h, --help](#command-line-help) | Command line help for archive changes. |
| --delete |  Delete exported data after moving it to the target database. (Default: false) |

> | --move-to <string> |   destination to move exported data to. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --move-to <string> |  Destination for the exported data to be archived to. |
```

Reviewer: Is this a path or what?

Author: path. will add it

### --disable-pb

Use this argument to not display progress bars.

> For live migration, this can also be used for not print the metrics for [export data](#export-data) or [import data](#import-data).

Reviewer: ?

Default: false

### --ff-db-host

Specifies the domain name or IP address of the machine on which Fall-forward database server is running.

### --ff-db-name

Specifies the name of the fall-forward database.

### --ff-db-password

Specifies the password for the fall-forward database user to be used for the migration. Alternatively, you can also specify the password by setting the environment variable `FF_DB_PASSWORD`.

If you don't provide a password via the CLI or environment variable during any migration phase, yb-voyager will prompt you at runtime for a password.

If the password contains special characters that are interpreted by the shell (for example, # and $), enclose the password in single quotes.

### --ff-db-port

Specifies the port number of the machine on which the fall-forward database server is running.

> Default: Oracle(1521)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default: For Oracle databases, 1521
```

### --ff-db-schema

Specifies the schema name of the fall-forward database.

### --ff-db-user

Specifies the username in the Fall-forward database to be used for the migration.

### --export-type

Specifies the type of migration [`snapshot-only` (offline), `snapshot-and-changes`(live, and optionally fall-forward) ]

> Default - `snapshot-only`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default: `snapshot-only`
```

### --delete

Deletes the exported data in the CDC phase after moving it to another location.

> Default: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Default: false
```

### --fs-utilization-threshold

> Specifies disk utilization percentage after which you can [archive changes](#archive-changes-tech-preview) to move it to another location and delete it.

Reviewer: move and delete what?

Author: nothing. just archiving. removed it.

### --move-to

> Specifies the destination to which [archive changes](#archive-changes-tech-preview) should move the files to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the destination for [archived changes](#archive-changes-tech-preview).
```

Reviewer: It's a path?

Author: yes
